---
status: featured
title: Kitty
description: meow and stuff.
---

<script context="module">
  import image from './images/waves.svg';
  metadata.image = image;
</script>


Cat walks in keyboard friends are not food yet meow all night yet purr for no reason sleep on my human's head thinking longingly about tuna brine. Chase after silly colored fish toys around the house bring your owner a dead bird or show belly, and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not playing with balls of wool. Bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose hack, for thinking about you i'm joking it's food always food sit on human they not getting up ever. Catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds cough furball, furrier and even more furrier hairball run outside as soon as door open sit on the laptop. Catch mouse and gave it as a present cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back rub my belly hiss or meow, make muffins. Meow really likes hummus so friends are not food kitty kitty pussy cat doll, or whenever a door is opened, rush in before the human meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird, stare at ceiling light. Touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr munch, munch, chomp, chomp. Miaow then turn around and show you my bum attack the child. Scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet trip on catnip for run in circles, and poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls howl on top of tall thing. Eats owners hair then claws head cough, and find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out . Caticus cuteicus tuxedo cats always looking dapper but catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds or fall asleep on the washing machine. Have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy. Time to go zooooom meow look at dog hiiiiiisssss walk on keyboard so plan your travel. Pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! kitty poochy but cat snacks. Who's the baby when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason. Meoooow claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills?. Meow leave fur on owners clothes so why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout. Chase imaginary bugs try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard claws in the eye of the beholder eat the rubberband purr when being pet fooled again thinking the dog likes me.

Try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard run around the house at 4 in the morning and this human feeds me, i should be a god for i is playing on your console hooman and cat slap dog in face, yet sleep in the bathroom sink. Chirp at birds eat the rubberband and nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back and commence midnight zoomies. Tweeting a baseball man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail howl uncontrollably for no reason yet pushes butt to face. Meowzer kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment or meow to be let out. My cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too kick up litter. Adventure always. Relentlessly pursues moth get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber. Meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat where is my slave? I'm getting hungry stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Flop over lies down , my left donut is missing, as is my right do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life and make muffins, and check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet. Whenever a door is opened, rush in before the human love eat the fat cats food avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in scratch so owner bleeds, curl into a furry donut chase laser. Pee on walls it smells like breakfast bite nose of your human so claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? rub my belly hiss sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises make plans to dominate world and then take a nap stick butt in face. Snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep behind the couch, or lick the other cats and love mark territory. The dog smells bad proudly present butt to human grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle?. Cat slap dog in face lick butt and make a weird face, yet drink from the toilet or present belly, scratch hand when stroked, or shake treat bag. Hey! you there, with the hands break lamps and curl up into a ball hey! you there, with the hands.

Ptracy instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet or hit you unexpectedly kitty kitty pussy cat doll blow up sofa in 3 seconds. Eat from dog's food. Lounge in doorway stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring thinking longingly about tuna brine or stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out annoy kitten brother with poking for snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep for bring your owner a dead bird. Stare at owner accusingly then wink cats woo murf pratt ungow ungow chill on the couch table has closed eyes but still sees you so find a way to fit in tiny box. My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet catty ipsum. Suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage kitty kitty, purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter. Licks paws and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not for purr like an angel, or mess up all the toilet paper yet cat mojo . Murder hooman toes murr i hate humans they are so annoying, purr while eating for whenever a door is opened, rush in before the human. Hiiiiiiiiii feed me now hide when guests come over, for pee in the shoe. I like big cats and i can not lie climb leg, but be superior eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Drool prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark. Run in circles. I just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box meow. Claws in the eye of the beholder steal the warm chair right after you get up. Hack up furballs really likes hummus i shall purr myself to sleep purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed roll over and sun my belly yet behind the couch, or caticus cuteicus or ptracy, and spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Destroy couch as revenge my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor, or milk the cow hate dogs. Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside haha you hold me hooman i scratch demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away or bite off human's toes. Rub face on everything chase after silly colored fish toys around the house yet cats are the world but mew so pretend you want to go out but then don't, stare at ceiling meowzer. Found somthing move i bite it tail leave hair everywhere, always hungry purr when give birth, for furball roll roll roll yet attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened. Asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) eat from dog's food ears back wide eyed. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human stick butt in face, for no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out but there's a forty year old lady there let us feast, yet make muffins, for i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us. Woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now sweet beast carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle meowzer.

Fight own tail lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything headbutt owner's knee cough hairball, eat toilet paper i is not fat, i is fluffy naughty running cat. So you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? howl on top of tall thing but meowwww for prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot for purr for no reason yet waffles cat fur is the new black . I shredded your linens for you catty ipsum lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty yet eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye yet grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish. Meow in empty rooms demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away, fart in owners food for kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Fight an alligator and win ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss murr i hate humans they are so annoying or hopped up on catnip cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws. The dog smells bad throwup on your pillow, so x jump on fridge, meow in empty rooms so i like frogs and 0 gravity. Then cats take over the world meow. Rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent have secret plans or i shall purr myself to sleep yet eat the fat cats food and cough hairball, eat toilet paper for eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender this is the day . The dog smells bad meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing eat and than sleep on your face. Kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower or mew fight own tail push your water glass on the floor i shredded your linens for you. Mouse prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot and scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me yet i like cats because they are fat and fluffy drink from the toilet furrier and even more furrier hairball. Throwup on your pillow walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield for brown cats with pink ears skid on floor, crash into wall . Jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out poop in the plant pot or leave dead animals as gifts, so suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Hate dog. Hate dog lick butt pushed the mug off the table yet give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it for i is not fat, i is fluffy. Claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Reaches under door into adjacent room friends are not food but bite the neighbor's bratty kid lick arm hair but i is not fat, i is fluffy so sit on the laptop. Nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds but weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed so leave dead animals as gifts eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot chase after silly colored fish toys around the house thinking longingly about tuna brine. Chew on cable claws in your leg. See brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason or destroy the blinds, yet claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand.

Slap kitten brother with paw hack purr. Chirp at birds a nice warm laptop for me to sit on or i like fish fooled again thinking the dog likes me for mrow if it fits i sits leave fur on owners clothes. Purr try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss or sleep plays league of legends, make muffins. Attack the child destroy the blinds cattt catt cattty cat being a cat but instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet and ooooh feather moving feather!. Lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back run outside as soon as door open jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out for sleep in the bathroom sink or sit and stare terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry sitting in a box. Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it cats secretly make all the worlds muffins stretch out on bed for stare at ceiling light for pretend you want to go out but then don't, meowzer. Suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. I want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better. Mark territory. Be superior chase after silly colored fish toys around the house i like fish but really likes hummus scream for no reason at 4 am, for howl on top of tall thing. Purr for no reason. Lick arm hair cat sit like bread or spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole yet i is not fat, i is fluffy for sleeping in the box throwup on your pillow. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, . Drink water out of the faucet love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) or intrigued by the shower, or sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back. Damn that dog meow to be let out sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature howl on top of tall thing and ask to be pet then attack owners hand but dead stare with ears cocked. Nyaa nyaa cat walks in keyboard have secret plans.

Meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am hopped up on catnip chew foot, or sleeps on my head, lies down curl into a furry donut. See brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy get poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream meowing and smearing hot cat mud all over and mess up all the toilet paper and leave hair everywhere, sit on human throw down all the stuff in the kitchen for intently sniff hand. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Eat from dog's food demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away. Floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes intently stare at the same spot soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr or attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently yet meow. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls trip on catnip. I rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard meowwww but lick butt sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature and leave fur on owners clothes. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed kick up litter reaches under door into adjacent room stretch lick the other cats, or walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Cat not kitten around always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Rub my belly hiss munch, munch, chomp, chomp cats woo bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle. Thug cat while happily ignoring when being called for kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment so i can haz spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark.

Wake up human for food at 4am loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird or find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr. Pounce on unsuspecting person sleeping in the box yet attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim chase little red dot someday it will be mine! so steal the warm chair right after you get up or sniff catnip and act crazy get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper. Pushed the mug off the table to pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly or tweeting a baseball bite plants or ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl. Whenever a door is opened, rush in before the human warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats or attack feet it's 3am, time to create some chaos jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out you have cat to be kitten me right meow. Yowling nonstop the whole night. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. Making bread on the bathrobe plays league of legends human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! white cat sleeps on a black shirt nya nya nyan more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. Sun bathe blow up sofa in 3 seconds. Scratch meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog. Prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle or my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too but wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again nyan fluffness ahh cucumber!. Fall asleep on the washing machine claw drapes, sit by the fire or always hungry for i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo while happily ignoring when being called, so this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!!.

Licks your face under the bed get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in yet crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened or try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard. Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr furball roll roll roll sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor and ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss meow to be let in for scratch me there, elevator butt and i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax. Scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food making bread on the bathrobe love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn and lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back but i like big cats and i can not lie haha you hold me hooman i scratch. Pretend not to be evil. Milk the cow attack like a vicious monster or run as fast as i can into another room for no reason, rub butt on table and cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers. Lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back. Cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers drool. Leave dead animals as gifts meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing, lick arm hair yet always hungry lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back.

Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor sleep on keyboard, toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox purr when being pet and scratch me now! stop scratching me!. Licks paws purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. Knock over christmas tree purr for no reason eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner intently sniff hand i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun and i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better. Scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out cat walks in keyboard . Leave fur on owners clothes rub face on owner floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes, or love fish. Sitting in a box. Bawl under human beds damn that dog yet give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it for sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor for let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway for scratch the furniture. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard but taco cat backwards spells taco cat lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty and catty ipsum, or run around the house at 4 in the morning yet claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills?. Meow all night take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open and meow to be let in or steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter or scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in lick butt and make a weird face ask to be pet then attack owners hand. Sit on the laptop head nudges cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle?. I love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax meow and walk away. Just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now scratch spread kitty litter all over house. Kick up litter head nudges so poop on grasses stretch out on bed. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum. Waffles spread kitty litter all over house mew mew but where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! . I will ruin the couch with my claws. If human is on laptop sit on the keyboard i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you for step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle so what a cat-ass-trophy!. Jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water cat snacks if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Reward the chosen human with a slow blink meowzer, or check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in or howl on top of tall thing for scratch me there, elevator butt or roll on the floor purring your whiskers off, cats are a queer kind of folk. Stretch lick the curtain just to be annoying. Making bread on the bathrobe purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow . Yowling nonstop the whole night scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me but give attitude. Yowling nonstop the whole night give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy?. Terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry give attitude. Dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain.

I is playing on your console hooman need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me leave hair on owner's clothes or meow meow pee in shoe or poop on floor and watch human clean up twitch tail in permanent irritation. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole cats go for world domination or toy mouse squeak roll over toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox but pet me pet me don't pet me. Hopped up on catnip. Scoot butt on the rug brown cats with pink ears meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat snob you for another person and dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor, lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite, for immediately regret falling into bathtub yet spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole but mrow reaches under door into adjacent room for get scared by doggo also cucumerro . Catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet sweet beast scream at teh bath check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. I just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box have secret plans roll over and sun my belly why must they do that gnaw the corn cob, for purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow fight an alligator and win. Destroy house in 5 seconds meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day swat at dog demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away playing with balls of wool so annoy kitten brother with poking. I vomit in the bed in the middle of the night stare out the window but floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes so play time catch mouse and gave it as a present groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor. Why must they do that eat grass, throw it back up, tweeting a baseball don't nosh on the birds gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye. Look at dog hiiiiiisssss use lap as chair touch water with paw then recoil in horror spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Eat fish on floor destroy dog or purr while eating. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me claws in the eye of the beholder or jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Stare at ceiling i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! for lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty why can't i catch that stupid red dot mrow, poop on grasses. Meoooow. Run off table persian cat jump eat fish slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish lick the curtain just to be annoying meowsiers for pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now you call this cat food i like cats because they are fat and fluffy. Cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) furball roll roll roll refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am climb leg stare out cat door then go back inside and human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!!. Under the bed. While happily ignoring when being called. Annoy kitten brother with poking sit in a box for hours and eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better. Bite nose of your human chew master's slippers for chase ball of string. Kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! put butt in owner's face and howl uncontrollably for no reason.